com/project/wordtopdf/pdfModel/PDFFile.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.pdfModel.PDFFile
com/project/wordtopdf/util/PopulateBottomSheetList.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.PopulateBottomSheetList
com/project/wordtopdf/util/TextFileReader.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.TextFileReader
com/project/wordtopdf/interfaces/BottomSheetPopulate.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.interfaces.BottomSheetPopulate
com/project/wordtopdf/db/AppDatabase.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.db.AppDatabase
com/project/wordtopdf/util/lambda/Consumer.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.lambda.Consumer
com/project/wordtopdf/util/FileUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.FileUtils
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.FileUtils$FileType
com/project/wordtopdf/pdfModel/Watermark.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.pdfModel.Watermark
com/project/wordtopdf/util/DirectoryUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.DirectoryUtils
com/project/wordtopdf/util/BottomSheetUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.BottomSheetUtils
com/project/wordtopdf/activities/SplashActivity.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.activities.SplashActivity
 com.project.wordtopdf.activities.SplashActivity$1
com/project/wordtopdf/interfaces/DataSetChanged.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.interfaces.DataSetChanged
com/project/wordtopdf/custom/MyCardView.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.custom.MyCardView
com/project/wordtopdf/db/HistoryDao.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.db.HistoryDao
com/project/wordtopdf/util/PermissionsUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.PermissionsUtils
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.PermissionsUtils$SingletonHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/util/TextToPdfAsync.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.TextToPdfAsync
com/project/wordtopdf/fragment/texttopdf/TextToPdfContract.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.texttopdf.TextToPdfContract
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.texttopdf.TextToPdfContract$View
com/project/wordtopdf/adapter/AdapterViewFiles.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterViewFiles
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterViewFiles$1
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterViewFiles$ViewFilesHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/util/PrintDocumentAdapterHelper.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.PrintDocumentAdapterHelper
com/project/wordtopdf/interfaces/OnPDFCreatedInterface.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.interfaces.OnPDFCreatedInterface
com/project/wordtopdf/util/CommonCodeUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.CommonCodeUtils
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.CommonCodeUtils$SingletonHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/pdfPreferences/TextToPdfPreferences.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.pdfPreferences.TextToPdfPreferences
com/project/wordtopdf/util/FileUriUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.FileUriUtils
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.FileUriUtils$1
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.FileUriUtils$SingletonHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/util/ViewFilesDividerItemDecoration.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.ViewFilesDividerItemDecoration
com/project/wordtopdf/util/SharedPreferencesUtil.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.SharedPreferencesUtil
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.SharedPreferencesUtil$1
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.SharedPreferencesUtil$SingletonHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/interfaces/OnTextToPdfInterface.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.interfaces.OnTextToPdfInterface
com/project/wordtopdf/adapter/AdapterMergeFiles.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterMergeFiles
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterMergeFiles$OnClickListener
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterMergeFiles$ViewMergeFilesHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/util/FileReader.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.FileReader
com/project/wordtopdf/fragment/texttopdf/TextToPdfFragment.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.texttopdf.TextToPdfFragment
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.texttopdf.TextToPdfFragment$1
wordtopdf/BuildConfig.java
 wordtopdf.BuildConfig
com/project/wordtopdf/util/FileInfoUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.FileInfoUtils
com/project/wordtopdf/activities/HomeActivity.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.activities.HomeActivity
com/project/wordtopdf/interfaces/EmptyStateChangeListener.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.interfaces.EmptyStateChangeListener
com/project/wordtopdf/util/PopulateList.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.PopulateList
com/project/wordtopdf/activities/AboutActivity.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.activities.AboutActivity
com/project/wordtopdf/pdfModel/EnhancementOptionsEntity.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.pdfModel.EnhancementOptionsEntity
com/project/wordtopdf/adapter/AdapterHistory.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterHistory
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterHistory$OnClickListener
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterHistory$ViewHistoryHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/util/FileSortUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.FileSortUtils
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.FileSortUtils$1
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.FileSortUtils$SingletonHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/interfaces/ItemSelectedListener.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.interfaces.ItemSelectedListener
com/project/wordtopdf/activities/SecondActivity.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.activities.SecondActivity
com/project/wordtopdf/util/ThemeUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.ThemeUtils
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.ThemeUtils$SingletonHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/db/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.db.DatabaseHelper
 com.project.wordtopdf.db.DatabaseHelper$1
 com.project.wordtopdf.db.DatabaseHelper$Insert
com/project/wordtopdf/util/TextToPDFUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.TextToPDFUtils
com/project/wordtopdf/util/PDFUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.PDFUtils
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.PDFUtils$CompressPdfAsync
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.PDFUtils$ReorderPdfPagesAsync
com/project/wordtopdf/util/PopulateBottomSheetListWithExcelFiles.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.PopulateBottomSheetListWithExcelFiles
com/project/wordtopdf/fragment/AddTextFragment.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.AddTextFragment
com/project/wordtopdf/adapter/AdapterEnhancementOptions.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterEnhancementOptions
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterEnhancementOptions$EnhancementOptionsViewHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/util/MorphButtonUtility.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.MorphButtonUtility
com/project/wordtopdf/pdfModel/PDFOptions.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.pdfModel.PDFOptions
com/project/wordtopdf/util/BottomSheetCallback.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.BottomSheetCallback
com/project/wordtopdf/fragment/ViewFilesFragment.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.ViewFilesFragment
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.ViewFilesFragment$1
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.ViewFilesFragment$2
com/project/wordtopdf/adapter/AdapterExtractImages.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterExtractImages
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterExtractImages$OnFileItemClickedListener
 com.project.wordtopdf.adapter.AdapterExtractImages$ViewMergeFilesHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/interfaces/Enhancer.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.interfaces.Enhancer
com/project/wordtopdf/util/RealPathUtil.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.RealPathUtil
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.RealPathUtil$SingletonHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/pdfModel/TextToPDFOptions.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.pdfModel.TextToPDFOptions
 com.project.wordtopdf.pdfModel.TextToPDFOptions$Builder
com/project/wordtopdf/interfaces/OnItemClickListener.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.interfaces.OnItemClickListener
com/project/wordtopdf/fragment/HistoryFragment.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.HistoryFragment
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.HistoryFragment$1
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.HistoryFragment$DeleteHistory
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.HistoryFragment$LoadHistory
com/project/wordtopdf/fragment/texttopdf/Enhancers.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.texttopdf.Enhancers
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.texttopdf.Enhancers$1
com/project/wordtopdf/Constants.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.Constants
com/project/wordtopdf/db/History.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.db.History
com/project/wordtopdf/fragment/texttopdf/FontFamilyEnhancer.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.fragment.texttopdf.FontFamilyEnhancer
com/project/wordtopdf/util/DialogUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.DialogUtils
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.DialogUtils$1
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.DialogUtils$SingletonHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/util/StringUtils.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.StringUtils
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.StringUtils$1
 com.project.wordtopdf.util.StringUtils$SingletonHolder
com/project/wordtopdf/interfaces/OnPDFCompressedInterface.java
 com.project.wordtopdf.interfaces.OnPDFCompressedInterface
